Enable customization of CatalogTable pagination (#27558)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/serious-penguins-remain.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': minor
---

> Allow CursorPaginatedCatalogTable and OffsetPaginatedCatalogTable to configure Table options, specifically `paginationPostition`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `OffsetPaginatedCatalogTable` to configure Table options and `CursorPaginatedCatalogTable` to configure `paginationPosition`.
```
